README.md, before:

# Migrate for Anthos Getting Started for WebSphere

WebSphere Application Server (WAS) traditional is a platform for deploying apps in a Java Enterprise Edition (Java EE) based runtime environment. Migrate for Anthos lets you modernize app workloads running in WAS traditional by converting them to application containers

## Description

## Demo

## Features

- feature:1
- feature:2

## Requirement

## Usage
### Prepare WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries
Download [Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/migration-toolkit-application-binaries)

Extract toolkit
```
$ java -jar binaryAppScannerInstaller.jar --acceptLicense --verbose

Target directory for product files? ./tool
```

Upload Migration Toolkit
```
$ cd tool/wamt/
$ gsutil mb gs://(gcloud config get-value project)-websphere
$ gsutil cp binaryAppScanner.jar gs://(gcloud config get-value project)-websphere
```

### Configure Service Account

Enable required services
```
$ gcloud services enable \
  servicemanagement.googleapis.com \
  servicecontrol.googleapis.com \
  cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com \
  container.googleapis.com \
  compute.googleapis.com \
  containerregistry.googleapis.com
```

|Name|Title|
|----|-----|
|servicemanagement.googleapis.com|Service Management API|
|servicecontrol.googleapis.com|Service Control API|
|cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com|Cloud Resource Manager API|
|compute.googleapis.com	Compute|Engine API|
|container.googleapis.com|Kubernetes Engine API|
|containerregistry.googleapis.com|Google Container Registry API|

### Create Processing Cluster
Creating Cluster
```
$ gcloud container clusters create m4a-process \
    --project (gcloud config get-value project) \
    --zone=us-central1-c \
    --num-nodes=1 \
    --machine-type=n1-standard-2
```

Retrieve Credential of Processing Cluster
```
$ gcloud container clusters get-credentials m4a-process \
    --zone=us-central1-f \
    --project (gcloud config get-value project)
```

## Installation

## References

## Licence

Released under the [MIT license](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/shinyay/56e54ee4c0e22db8211e05e70a63247e/raw/34c6fdd50d54aa8e23560c296424aeb61599aa71/LICENSE)

## Author

[shinyay](https://github.com/shinyay)

Commit message:

Add Create Service Account for Artifacts by M4A

README.md, after:

# Migrate for Anthos Getting Started for WebSphere

WebSphere Application Server (WAS) traditional is a platform for deploying apps in a Java Enterprise Edition (Java EE) based runtime environment. Migrate for Anthos lets you modernize app workloads running in WAS traditional by converting them to application containers

## Description

## Demo

## Features

- feature:1
- feature:2

## Requirement

## Usage
### Prepare WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries
Download [Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/migration-toolkit-application-binaries)

Extract toolkit
```
$ java -jar binaryAppScannerInstaller.jar --acceptLicense --verbose

Target directory for product files? ./tool
```

Upload Migration Toolkit
```
$ cd tool/wamt/
$ gsutil mb gs://(gcloud config get-value project)-websphere
$ gsutil cp binaryAppScanner.jar gs://(gcloud config get-value project)-websphere
```

### Configure Service Account

Enable required services
```
$ gcloud services enable \
  servicemanagement.googleapis.com \
  servicecontrol.googleapis.com \
  cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com \
  container.googleapis.com \
  compute.googleapis.com \
  containerregistry.googleapis.com
```

|Name|Title|
|----|-----|
|servicemanagement.googleapis.com|Service Management API|
|servicecontrol.googleapis.com|Service Control API|
|cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com|Cloud Resource Manager API|
|compute.googleapis.com	Compute|Engine API|
|container.googleapis.com|Kubernetes Engine API|
|containerregistry.googleapis.com|Google Container Registry API|

Create Service Account for Artifacts by M4A
```
$ gcloud iam service-accounts create m4a-process
```


### Create Processing Cluster
Creating Cluster
```
$ gcloud container clusters create m4a-process \
    --project (gcloud config get-value project) \
    --zone=us-central1-c \
    --num-nodes=1 \
    --machine-type=n1-standard-2
```

Retrieve Credential of Processing Cluster
```
$ gcloud container clusters get-credentials m4a-process \
    --zone=us-central1-f \
    --project (gcloud config get-value project)
```

## Installation

## References

## Licence

Released under the [MIT license](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/shinyay/56e54ee4c0e22db8211e05e70a63247e/raw/34c6fdd50d54aa8e23560c296424aeb61599aa71/LICENSE)

## Author

[shinyay](https://github.com/shinyay)
